csharp: add test messages for test results (#14)
exercism/research_experiment_1: README.md

- `javascript-2-b` : second part of exercise B for JavaScript.
- `ruby-1-b` : first part of exercise B for Ruby.

### Test messages

Solving exercises that are part of the experiment is different from the regular website's process in two ways:

1. Exercises are solved exclusively using in-browser coding.
1. The test suite used to test the code is not available to the user.

> 

Reviewer: How about adding something here saying something like:

----

This means that when the code does _not_ pass one of the tests, the user won't see the code of the test that failed, or know with what input the code was called. To fix this, we need to provide a bit of context when we show errors to the user. 

For an assert_equal failure, the error with context might look as follows:

> We tried running `MyTests.MyTestMethod(1)` but got the following error:
> ```
> Expected: "foobar"
>   Actual: "barfood"
> ```

> This means that when the code does _not_ pass one of the tests, the user won't know with what input the code was called. To help with this, each exercise should define a `.meta/test_messages.json` file.

Reviewer: Add something like above then change this to?

```suggestion
To achieve with this, each exercise should define a `.meta/test_messages.json` file.
```

and then merge that with the paragraph below?

This file is a simple mapping of the test method's name (the `"name"` value in the [test runner output][test-runner-output-format]) and the message to display to the user when the test fails:

```json
{
  "MyTestMethod": {
    "msg": "We ran `MyTests.MyTestMethod(1)` and got the following error:\n\n%{output}"
  }
}
```

> Note that you can embed the [test runner's][test-runner-output-format] `"message"` value (usually the assertion error message) in the message by using `%{output}`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that you can embed the [test runner's][test-runner-output-format] output (usually the assertion error message) in the message by using `%{output}`.
```

- `javascript-2-b` : second part of exercise B for JavaScript.
- `ruby-1-b` : first part of exercise B for Ruby.

### Test messages

Solving exercises that are part of the experiment is different from the regular website's process in two ways:

1. Exercises are solved exclusively using in-browser coding.
1. The test suite used to test the code is not available to the user.

> This means that when the code does _not_ pass one of the tests, the user won't see the code of the test that failed, or know with what input the code was called. To fix this, we need to provide a bit of context when we show errors to the user.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This means that when the code does _not_ pass one of the tests, the user won't see the code of the test that failed or the input the code was called. To fix this, we need to provide a bit of context when we show errors to the user.
```
